amid criticism from its detractors that
it is communal izing yoga the Modi
government on Monday selected an NGO run
by a Muslim couple for holding a
month-long yoga camp to mark the
international yoga day on jun 21st based
in balrampur the NGO Muhammad said
memorial Welfare Society ms mws works
for health and educational issues of the
underprivileged MSM WS happens to be the
only Muslim NGO to be selected by Union
Ministry of our uses central council for
research in yoga and naturopathy we have
been running yoga sessions since 2013
after i went to kerala and underwent a
training session at a spa academy in
kochi says after who runs the NGO with
his wife scheisse at present hundred
members attend the session supervised by
the couple over 200 people are expected
to take part at the bell ramp or stadium
event after 38 is not forcing Muslim
participants to recite ohm while
practicing Surya Namaskar and has
accordingly directed his two instructors
through painter srivasa and ln chapati
muslim participles have been asked to
either recite Allah I a--the or any word
they wish to or not say anything at all
once accessing sooner Namaskar and
meditation